...It's true that none of these findings will last forever, but this
constant overturning of old ideas by new discoveries is just part of
what makes this such a dynamic time in the field of haruspicy. Many
scholars will even tell you that their favorite part of being a
haruspex is the frequency with which a new sacrifice over-turns
everything they thought they knew about reading the future from a
sheep's liver! We are very excited about the renewed interest on the
part of policy-makers in the recommendations of the mantic arts...
- http://vserver1.cscs.lsa.umich.edu/~crshalizi/weblog/698.html

To see the gods dispelled in mid-air and dissolve like clouds is one
of the great human experiences. It is not as if they had gone over the
horizon to disappear for a time; nor as if they had been overcome by
other gods of greater power and profounder knowledge. It is simply
that they came to nothing.
- Wallace Stevens

Personally, I've been hearing all my life about the Serious
Philosophical Issues posed by life extension, and my attitude has
always been that I'm willing to grapple with those issues for as many
centuries as it takes.
- Patrick Nielsen Hayden (unknown source)
http://lesswrong.com/lw/jlq/best_of_rationality_quotes_2013_edition/
https://www.lesswrong.com/posts/TZsXNaJwETWvJPLCE/rationality-quotes-august-2010?commentId=nboCCze5EjRxwHYzn
         
The question of whether Machines Can Think... is about as relevant as
the question of whether Submarines Can Swim.
- Edsger W. Dijkstra

The possibility that we are living in a false vacuum has never been a
cheering one to contemplate. Vacuum decay is the ultimate ecological
catastrophe; in the new vacuum there are new constants of nature;
after vacuum decay, not only is life as we know it impossible, so is
chemistry as we know it. However, one could always draw stoic comfort
from the possibility that perhaps in the course of time the new vacuum
would sustain, if not life as we know it, at least some structures
capable of knowing joy. This possibility has now been eliminated.
- Sidney Coleman & F. de Luccia, "Gravitational effects on and of vacuum decay"

Reason and justice tell me there's more love for humanity in
electricity and steam than in chastity and vegetarianism.
- Anton Chekhov

Before you read this, please understand that I never wanted to write
this document, being grossly under-qualified, but I always wanted to
read it, and this was the only way.
- Paul ``Rusty'' Russel, "Unreliable Guide To Hacking The Linux Kernel"

One man's modus ponens is another man's modus tollens.
- Fred Dretske

Banzen made an ink painting, to lift his heart in hard times.
NOTHING IS FOREVER, said the painting. It gave him no joy.
One day the painting was stolen—
Now Banzen looks at the empty place, and smiles.
- Qi's poem, http://thecodelesscode.com/case/186

emacs outshines all other editing software in approximately the same
way that the noonday sun does the stars. It is not just bigger and
brighter; it simply makes everything else vanish.
- Neal Stephenson, In the Beginning was the Command Line (1998)

This is printk. It can be called from any context. We want it to work.
- Andrew Morton, kernel/printk.c

HAMLET
Good Ghost, as one who dwells beyond the veil,
you know things that we mortals scarce conceive.
Tell me: is there some philter or device,
outside nature's ken but not outside her means,
by which death itself may be escap'd?

Ghost
You seek to evade Hell?

HAMLET
I seek to deny Hell to everyone!
and Heaven too, for I suspect the Heaven of our mad God
might be a paltry thing, next to the Heaven I will make of Earth,
when I am its immortal king.
- Rationalist Hamlet, http://hpmor.com/chapter/64

The success of UNIX lies not so much in new inventions but rather in
the full exploitation of a carefully selected set of fertile ideas,
and especially in showing that they can be keys to the implementation
of a small yet powerful operating system.
- Ritchie and Thompson, The UNIX Time-Sharing System (1974)

ZEUS: Know your sin, abhor it, and tear it from you as one tears out a
rotten, noisome tooth. Or else - beware lest the very seas shrink back
at your approach, springs dry up when you pass by, stones and rocks
roll from your path, and the earth crumbles under your feet.
ORESTES: Let it crumble! Let the rocks revile me, and flowers wilt at
my coming. Your whole universe is not enough to prove me wrong. You
are the king of gods, king of stones and stars, king of the waves of
the sea. But you are not the king of man.
ZEUS:  Impudent spawn! So I am not your king? Who, then, made you?
ORESTES:  You. But you blundered; you should not have made me free.
- Les Mouches, Jean-Paul Sartre (found from
  http://www.anarchyishyperbole.com/2015/12/significant-digits-chapter-thirty-two_20.html)

Psychologists had always been wont to build, in what Bleuler calls
"autistic ways," that is through methods in no wise supported by
evidence, some attractive hypothesis, which sprung from their brain,
like Minerva from Jove's brain, fully armed. After which, they would
stretch upon that unyielding frame the hide of a reality which they
had previously killed.
- Introduction to Freud's "Dream Psychology: Psychoanalysis for Beginners", André Tridon,
  https://www.bartleby.com/288/10.html

And the last enemy to be destroyed is death.
- 1 Corinthians 15:26

If a mortal honestly wishes to change patrons, then the new deity may,
with the mortal's agreement, change the truth written on his heart.
Thus, the old allegiances are severed and the new are forged into
truth.
- Two Year Emperor, Chapter 42
  (I just like this wording of self-editing)

If the real radical finds that having long hair sets up psychological
barriers to communication and organization, he cuts his hair.
- Saul Alinsky, Rules for Radicals

Here's a health to the ship's designers, and the welders of her seams,
And all who man the radar-scan to watch our dawning dreams.
For all the unknown heroes, sing out to every shore:
"What makes one step a giant leap is all the steps before"
- Leslie Fish, Toast for Unsung Heroes


[all of it]
- Hymn Of Breaking Strain, Rudyard Kipling
